public/content/course-info.md, before:

**Course Designation:** CS 198-075 (iOS Track), CS 198-750 (Web Track)

**Facilitators:** Justin Wong, Sam Poder, Dylan Dinh-lan Chhum

**EECS Dept. Sponsor:** Justin Yokota

**Course Catalog:** Spring 2025

**Contact:** team@cubstart.com

## Course Overview

Central to many aspects of software engineering, full stack development using modern tech stacks is often overlooked by traditional course offerings. The difficulty of acquiring these developmental skillsets is undeniable, especially for those with no prior/limited experience wanting to break into tech. Cubstart provides unique weekly guided full-stack projects, mentorship, and technical workshops. The final project of the semester will be dedicated to applying your skills to develop a viable product/application with a team.

## Course Material

The course content is split into lectures, labs, homeworks, and a final project. Your final project will be in teams of up to 4, so you can team up with friends or find teammates in lab and lecture. We will also have an option for random groupings for those who don't have groups.

## Course Requirements

_Prerequisites_

For the Web track, we do not reforce prereqs, but prior coding experience of any kind is recommended (high school course, CS10, CS61A, etc). For the iOS track, we recommend that you have some prior coding experience and/or take some introductory programming course before or while you’re enrolled in Cubstart — e.g. CS61A.

_Textbooks and Required Materials_

If participating in the iOS track, you’ll need a MacBook with macOS 13.5 (Ventura) or later that can run Xcode 15+ (Preferably Xcode 16+). Older Macs on Intel chips may have performance issues with Xcode.

## Lectures

The weekly lectures are intended to give an introduction to the contents covered by the homework due the following week. The general structure will be a conceptual overview of the highlighted topics, use cases, and real-life examples. **Attendance is mandatory** and will be recorded.

## Lab/Discussion

Labs (called discussions for Cubstart iOS) are a fun way to learn and practice the content in a more hands-on way! We have all sorts of exciting exercises for you to make your own demos and small apps. They also serve as a means of introducing the homework assignment (that was assigned the previous week) for those who are struggling to grasp certain concepts or haven't gotten around to doing the assigned homework. 

**Web & iOS**: The **first hour of lab/discussion is required**. The second half of lab/discussion serves as office hours / homework party and is optional, but highly recommended for those new to programming.

## Learning Goals
- Achieving full-stack web development or iOS development proficiency
- Tackling detailed project specs
- Project ideation and developing software in a team
- Crafting a project proposal as well as setting and meeting checkpoints
- Designing application mockups

## Grading Breakdown

| **Weight**  | **Assignment**                          |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------- |
| 20%         | Attendance                              |
| 30%         | Weekly Homeworks                        |
| 50%         | Final Project                           |

To earn a P, you will need >= 70%. This course is fast-paced and highly cumulative. Your success will depend on your active and consistent participation. However, we understand that emergencies and personal matters do come up.

## Attendance

**Web**: You are allowed up to **4 unexcused absences across lectures and labs**.

If you have an extenuating circumstance and have used up your unexcused absences, please fill out our Excused Absences form. Your grade will not be impacted by the first two unexcused absences, nor by any excused absences.

**iOS**: You are allowed up to **2 absences across lectures and discussions each respectively**.

If you have used up your 2 respective absences, then please fill out our Excused Absences Form.

## Homeworks

**Web**:
The weekly homeworks are mini-projects that have a detailed, step-by-step spec for you to follow. You have **2 homework drops** in total which do not impact your grade. Any additional incomplete homeworks will result in a NP. Homeworks are weighted equally.

**iOS**: 
You have **10** slip days over the course of the semester. Please use them sparingly and only in emergency circumstances as we will not be granting extensions. 

For students with DSP accomodations, extensions are permitted if you have used up all your slip days. Please request an extension on Ed as a private post. 

## Final Project

The last 4 weeks will be dedicated to your final project, which is ideating and building a viable product/application. You’ll be expected to meet with your project team regularly to work towards meeting the checkpoints throughout. We will be offering Office Hours support as you and your team take on this final project.

**Please do your part in the final project. If an individual receives unanimously poor peer evaluations from their final project teammates, their grade will be impacted, and consistently low effort will result in a NP.**

## Late Work

No late work is accepted. Homework and the final project must be turned in on time or you will receive no credit. To request an extension, please create a private post on Ed, clearly stating which homework assignment you are referring to and the duration for which you need the extension. Please do not email team@cubstart.com with extension requests.

## Academic Honesty

Homework assignments should be completed individually. You may only work in teams on the final project. Respect licenses of libraries that you use, and do not sabotage other students (there is no curve). Follow UC Berkeley’s Honor Code.

## DSP & Accomodations

Course policies are subject to change for DSP students.

If you need any accommodations, please contact the course staff (team@cubstart.com) with the subject line “[CUBSTART WEB/IOS] ACCOMMODATIONS REQUEST - YOUR FULL NAME.” Please include your letter of accommodations and in your own words, a description of what you need to be successful in this course. Additionally, please state which track you are enrolled in.

## Other Inquiries

Any other inquiries should be directed to Ed or team@cubstart.com with “[CUBSTART WEB]”  or "[CUBSTART IOS]" in the subject line.

## Resources & Tools
- Ed - Forum to discuss course content and assignments with your peers.
- Website - View course content and deadlines.
- Gradescope - Submit assignments.

Commit message:

update fa25 iOS scheudle and course info

public/content/course-info.md, after:

**Course Designation:** CS 198-075 (iOS Track), CS 198-750 (Web Track)

**Facilitators:** Justin Wong, Sam Poder, Dylan Dinh-lan Chhum

**EECS Dept. Sponsor:** Justin Yokota

**Course Catalog:** Spring 2025

**Contact:** team@cubstart.com

## Course Overview

Central to many aspects of software engineering, full stack development using modern tech stacks is often overlooked by traditional course offerings. The difficulty of acquiring these developmental skillsets is undeniable, especially for those with no prior/limited experience wanting to break into tech. Cubstart provides unique weekly guided full-stack projects, mentorship, and technical workshops. The final project of the semester will be dedicated to applying your skills to develop a viable product/application with a team.

## Course Material

The course content is split into lectures, labs, homeworks, and a final project. Your final project will be in teams of up to 4, so you can team up with friends or find teammates in lab and lecture. We will also have an option for random groupings for those who don't have groups.

## Course Requirements

_Prerequisites_

For the Web track, we do not reforce prereqs, but prior coding experience of any kind is recommended (high school course, CS10, CS61A, etc). For the iOS track, we recommend that you have some prior coding experience and/or take some introductory programming course before or while you’re enrolled in Cubstart — e.g. CS61A.

_Textbooks and Required Materials_

If participating in the iOS track, you’ll need a MacBook with macOS 13.5 (Ventura) or later that can run Xcode 15+ (Preferably Xcode 16+). Older Macs on Intel chips may have performance issues with Xcode.

## Lectures

The weekly lectures are intended to give an introduction to the contents covered by the homework due the following week. The general structure will be a conceptual overview of the highlighted topics, use cases, and real-life examples. **Attendance is mandatory** and will be recorded.

## Lab/Discussion

Labs (called discussions for Cubstart iOS) are a fun way to learn and practice the content in a more hands-on way! We have all sorts of exciting exercises for you to make your own demos and small apps. They also serve as a means of introducing the homework assignment (that was assigned the previous week) for those who are struggling to grasp certain concepts or haven't gotten around to doing the assigned homework. 

**Web & iOS**: The **first hour of lab/discussion is required**. The second half of lab/discussion serves as office hours / homework party and is optional, but highly recommended for those new to programming.

## Learning Goals
- Achieving full-stack web development or iOS development proficiency
- Tackling detailed project specs
- Project ideation and developing software in a team
- Crafting a project proposal as well as setting and meeting checkpoints
- Designing application mockups

## Grading Breakdown

**Web**:

| **Weight**  | **Assignment**                          |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------- |
| 20%         | Attendance                              |
| 30%         | Weekly Homeworks                        |
| 50%         | Final Project                           |

**iOS**:
| **Weight**  | **Assignment**                          |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------- |
| 10%         | Lecture Participation                   |
| 10%         | Discussion Check-Offs                   |
| 30%         | Mid-Semester Project                    |
| 10%         | Final Project (First Check In)          |
| 10%         | Final Project (Second Check In)         |
| 30%         | Final Project (Project Specifications)  |

To earn a P, you will need >= 70%. This course is fast-paced and highly cumulative. Your success will depend on your active and consistent participation. However, we understand that emergencies and personal matters do come up.

## Attendance

**Web**: You are allowed up to **4 unexcused absences across lectures and labs**.

If you have an extenuating circumstance and have used up your unexcused absences, please fill out our Excused Absences form. Your grade will not be impacted by the first two unexcused absences, nor by any excused absences.

**iOS**: If you miss more than **2 unexcused** lecture **OR** **2 unexcused** discussions then it is an **automatic NP**. 

Attendance will be counted via participation in PollEVs in lectures and check offs in Discussions. A missed lecture PollEV or discussion check off will be counted as **unexcused**.

## Homeworks

**Web**:
The weekly homeworks are mini-projects that have a detailed, step-by-step spec for you to follow. You have **2 homework drops** in total which do not impact your grade. Any additional incomplete homeworks will result in a NP. Homeworks are weighted equally.

**iOS**: 
For assignments, there will be weekly discussion assignments released after the lecture of the week and due on respective discussion on Friday. The assignments are designed to be completed asynchronously throughout the week and be checked off during discussion. 

We will also have a Mid-Semester Project where you will be working on an app tying up all the concepts taught so far in the past four weeks. 

**There will be no slip days or extensions.** We understand that you might have extenuating circumstances which may hinder your ability to finish the assignments on time. If so, please create a private Ed post describing the circumstance, and we will approve on a case-by-case basis. 

## Final Project

The last 4 weeks will be dedicated to your final project, which is ideating and building a viable product/application. You’ll be expected to meet with your project team regularly to work towards meeting the checkpoints throughout. We will be offering Office Hours support as you and your team take on this final project.

**Please do your part in the final project. If an individual receives unanimously poor peer evaluations from their final project teammates, their grade will be impacted, and consistently low effort will result in a NP.**

## Late Work

No late work is accepted. Homework and the final project must be turned in on time or you will receive no credit. To request an extension, please create a private post on Ed, clearly stating which homework assignment you are referring to and the duration for which you need the extension. Please do not email team@cubstart.com with extension requests.

## Academic Honesty

Homework assignments should be completed individually. You may only work in teams on the final project. Respect licenses of libraries that you use, and do not sabotage other students (there is no curve). Follow UC Berkeley’s Honor Code.

## DSP & Accomodations

Course policies are subject to change for DSP students.

If you need any accommodations, please contact the course staff (team@cubstart.com) with the subject line “[CUBSTART WEB/IOS] ACCOMMODATIONS REQUEST - YOUR FULL NAME.” Please include your letter of accommodations and in your own words, a description of what you need to be successful in this course. Additionally, please state which track you are enrolled in.

## Other Inquiries

Any other inquiries should be directed to Ed or team@cubstart.com with “[CUBSTART WEB]”  or "[CUBSTART IOS]" in the subject line.

## Resources & Tools
- Ed - Forum to discuss course content and assignments with your peers.
- Website - View course content and deadlines.
- Gradescope - Submit assignments.
